adding terminology flag description, changing IBM link (#9300)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/admin/checks.rst

    Uses DOS end-of-line markers instead of Unix ones (``\r\n`` instead of ``\n``).
``read-only``
    The string is read-only and should not be edited in Weblate, see :ref:`read-only-strings`.
``terminology``

>     Used in :ref:`glossary`. It copies the string into all glossary languages so it can be used consistently in all transltions. Also useful in combination with ``read-only``, eg. for product names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Used in :ref:`glossary`. Copies the string into all glossary languages so it can be used consistently in all translations. Also useful in combination with ``read-only``, in for example product names.
```
Should have been "e.g.", and also not "transitions"?

Alternatively (possibly better)
"Used in :ref:`glossary`. Copies the string into all glossary of all translated languages so it can be used consistently" is a bit simpler, but requires there to be glossaries for all translated languages, which I don't think is the case(?). Does adding as terminology start glossaries for languages that don't have one?
